Scientific Editor's Comments:
Editor: Tim Pearson
Comments to the Author:
-----------------------
I do not think this paper needs rapid publication as a Letter, but I will
be happy to consider a revised version for the main journal. You should use
the extra space this gives you to provide more details and explanation, as
suggested by the reviewer. I think the paper would also be stronger if you
could give more details of the simulations, so that readers can judge what
types of signals can be distinguished from foregrounds by this method and
which cannot. It might be helpful to include images of the input EoR signal
and the recovered signal. Did you include noise in your simulations?



Reviewer's Comments:
Reviewer: 1
Comments to the Author
----------------------
The paper presents an innovative methodology to extract relevant
information from noisy observations of 21 cm line emission from the epoch
of reionization, adopting a machine learning approach, based on a
Convolutional Denoising Autoencoder technique. The methodology, tested on
simulated data, proves to improve the performance of traditional solutions.

The paper is properly written, although a more exhaustive description of
the methodology would be beneficial for the reader and the potential user.
However, the page limit of the Letter does not allow extensive add-ons.

Nevertheless, the main request of the reviewer is to describe in some
details how the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) approach combines with
the Autoencoder methodology. As it is presented in the current version of
the paper, this is not clear and also Figure 1 is not explicit enough to
understand how the two methods work together. In other words, it should be
more explicitly stated that the "f(x)" function of the encoder IS a
combination of typical convolution+pooling layers. If possible, it would
also be beneficial to explain how the network learns during the training
(this second request only if space permits).

A further request is related to section 4.2 and the comparison with the
"polynomial fitting" method. It would be useful to specify if this is the
only alternative method for the kind of data processing presented in the
paper and, if not, to mention the others and to justify why they have not
been considered in the paper.

The only additional comment of the reviews regards the use of "EoR" in the
abstract. It would be clearer to avoid the acronym, explicitly writing
"epoch of reionization".
