Authors' Responses
------------------

We gratefully thank the reviewer for his/her time and useful comments that
help improve this manuscript.  Based on the comments, we have carefully
revised Section 2 to avoid conceptual repetitions to make the text more
succinct and coherent.  We have also updated Figure 3 and improved the
corresponding description to explain the results clearer.  Furthermore, we
have reviewed the whole manuscript and made multiple minor changes to the
text for better clarity and readability.

The changes to the manuscript from the last revision are highlighted in
"magenta."  The point-by-point responses to the comments (indented with
the ">" mark) are listed below:


>   Reviewer's Comments:
>   Reviewer: 1
>   Comments to the Author
>   ----------------------
>   In its current form, the manuscript can be accepted for publication.
>   The description of the methodology is now clear and comprehensive and
>   the additional tests valuable. Overall the paper provides exhaustive
>   details and guidelines to the reader.
>
>   The only additional requests from the reviewer are:
>
>   - Section 2 should be carefully checked for the English language trying
>     also to avoid conceptual repetitions.

Response 1:

We have carefully revised Section 2 to avoid conceptual repetitions.
We have deleted redundant sentences and phrases, rewritten some text to be
more concise, and moved several sentences to make the description more
logic.  As a result, this section has become more succinct and coherent.

>   - Figure 3 and the corresponding description on page 4 should be
>     clarified.  In particular the differences of orders of magnitude in
>     the scales of the y axes in the two panels should be explained.
>     Furthermore, how the fluctuations from the beam compares to those of
>     the EoR signal, should be detailed.

Response 2:

We have updated Figure 3 to present the example spectra of the foreground
emission and the EoR signal for one random sky pixel.  Therefore, the rapid
fluctuations resulting from the beam effects are better illustrated and
compared to the EoR signal.  We have detailed the description accordingly
in the end of paragraph 4 in Section 3.1.

The main reason that the 'observed' foreground has an amplitude of about
two orders of magnitude smaller than the ideal foreground is that
interferometers are only sensitive to the spatial fluctuations of the
emission (e.g., Braun & Walterbos 1985).  We have added this explanation to
the end of paragraph 4 in Section 3.1.

