Authors' Responses
------------------

We gratefully thank the reviewer and the scientific editor for their time
and constructive comments that greatly help improve this manuscript.
Based on the comments, we have improved the SKA image simulation with
another pair of image cubes, refined the training and interpretation of the
proposed convolutional denoising autoencoder (CDAE), added the comparison
to the continuous wavelet transform (CWT) method, and extensively revised
the manuscript with new sections and figures to describe our method and
results more thoroughly and clearly.

All the changes to the manuscript are highlighted in cyan.  The
point-by-point responses to the comments (indented with the ">" mark) are
listed below:


>   Scientific Editor's Comments
>   ----------------------------
>   I do not think this paper needs rapid publication as a Letter, but I
>   will be happy to consider a revised version for the main journal. You
>   should use the extra space this gives you to provide more details and
>   explanation, as suggested by the reviewer.
>
>   I think the paper would also be stronger if you could give more details
>   of the simulations, so that readers can judge what types of signals can
>   be distinguished from foregrounds by this method and which cannot.

Response 1:

In this revised manuscript, Section 3.1 ('Simulation of the SKA images')
has been significantly rewritten to describe the whole simulation process
with more details by making the following four major changes:

(1) In the second paragraph, we now describe the simulation methods
employed to generate the sky maps of each foreground component considered
in this work, based on our previous work (Wang et al. 2010).  Specifically,
(a) the Galactic synchrotron radiation is simulated by extrapolating the
reprocessed Haslam 408 MHz map (Remazeilles et al. 2015), which has
significantly better instrument calibration and more accurate extragalactic
source subtraction and thus provides enhanced results over Wang et al.
(2010); (b) the Galactic free-free radiation is derived from the H{\alpha}
survey map (Finkbeiner 2003); (c) extragalactic point sources are simulated
according to the luminosity functions and spectral models (e.g.,
Wilman et al. 2008); (d) scaling relations between X-ray and radio
properties are employed to simulate the radio haloes.

(2) In the fourth paragraph, the procedure of SKA1-Low observation
simulation (i.e., incorporating the instrument effects into the sky maps
to obtain the 'observed' images) have been described by including the
information about the SKA1-Low layout and the simulation and imaging
parameters.  Moreover, we have also presented in Figure 2 the simulated
images of the foreground emission and the EoR signal at 158 MHz as an
example.

(3) As explained in the last but one paragraph, we have simulated a second
pair of image cubes (C2_eor, C2_fg) that are solely used as the test set
later (Section 3.3).  This enables us to obtain a complete image cube of
the reconstructed EoR signal, from which images and power spectra can be
derived to demonstrate the performance of the trained CDAE.  Please see
Response 2 below for more explanations.

(4) In the last paragraph, we have clarified that the simulations do not
include thermal noise because our method is proposed for very deep SKA EoR
imaging observations (about 1000-hour integration time) that has a
sufficiently low noise level (~< 1 mK; Mellema et al. 2013).  Please see
also Response 3 below.

>   It might be helpful to include images of the input EoR signal and the
>   recovered signal.

Response 2:

In the old manuscript, only one pair of image cubes were simulated and the
pixels of all frequencies were randomly partitioned into three sets (i.e.,
training, validation, and test).  Therefore, the test set only contained
a small fraction of all the pixels, which were randomly distributed on the
sky.  As a result, it was impossible to obtain a complete image of the
reconstructed EoR signal.

In this revised version, we have simulated a second pair of image cubes
(C2_eor, C2_fg) as the test set, from which we are now able to obtain a
complete image cube of the reconstructed EoR signal.  Based on this, the
following two additional results have been appended to Section 3.3
('Training and results'):

(1) The 158 MHz images of the input and reconstructed EoR signals have been
presented in Figure 6;
(2) We have further calculated the two-dimensional power spectra of the
input and reconstructed EoR signals, as shown in Figure 7.

The results clearly demonstrate that the trained CDAE can accurately
reconstruct the EoR signal.

>   Did you include noise in your simulations?

Response 3:

Since our method is proposed to be applied in very deep EoR imaging
observations with SKA1-Low, which is planned to integrate about 1000 hours
for each EoR field and is expected to achieve a sufficiently low noise
level of ~< 1 mK (e.g., Mellema et al. 2013; Koopmans et al. 2015), we do
not include thermal noise in the simulations.  This has been clarified in
the last paragraph of Section 3.1 ('Simulation of the SKA images').

>   Reviewer's Comments
>   -------------------
>   The paper presents an innovative methodology to extract relevant
>   information from noisy observations of 21 cm line emission from the
>   epoch of reionization, adopting a machine learning approach, based on a
>   Convolutional Denoising Autoencoder technique. The methodology, tested
>   on simulated data, proves to improve the performance of traditional
>   solutions.
>
>   The paper is properly written, although a more exhaustive description
>   of the methodology would be beneficial for the reader and the potential
>   user.  However, the page limit of the Letter does not allow extensive
>   add-ons.
>
>   Nevertheless, the main request of the reviewer is to describe in some
>   details how the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) approach combines
>   with the Autoencoder methodology. As it is presented in the current
>   version of the paper, this is not clear and also Figure 1 is not
>   explicit enough to understand how the two methods work together. In
>   other words, it should be more explicitly stated that the "f(x)"
>   function of the encoder IS a combination of typical convolution+pooling
>   layers.

Response 4:

Compared to classic denoising autoencoders, which are built with fully
connected layers (e.g., Vincent et al. 2008,2010), a CDAE is built by
replacing the fully connected layers in a classic denoising autoencoder
with convolutional layers.  This introduces the major advantages of
convolutional neural networks (CNNs), such as powerful feature extraction
capabilities, into a CDAE and greatly improves its denoising performance
(e.g., Du et al. 2017).  In the proposed CDAE, both the encoder and decoder
parts consist of multiple convolutional layers, and each convolutional
layer contains a number of filters and an activation function.  We note
that the pooling and upsampling layers are not used in the proposed CDAE
architecture because they have very little impact on the performance
according to our tests (e.g., Springenberg et al. 2015).

In this new manuscript, Sections 2.1 ('Convolutional denoising autoencoder')
and 2.2 ('Network architecture') have been significantly revised to
describe the CDAE and its architecture design more clearly and completely,
such as the motivation of combining denoising autoencoders and CNNs,
convolutional layers, and filters and activation functions.  We have also
updated Figure 1 to illustrate the proposed CDAE architecture in a more
explicit and conventional way.

>   If possible, it would also be beneficial to explain how the network
>   learns during the training (this second request only if space permits).

Response 5:

The proposed CDAE is analogous to a CNN without the fully connected layers
and is trained with the back-propagation method (e.g., Rumelhart et al.
1986; LeCun et al. 1998) in a similar way as CNNs.  We have greatly
expanded Section 2.3 ('Training and evaluation') to describe the training
process and how the CDAE learns to separate the EoR signal.  Specifically,
the total emission (i.e., EoR signal + foreground) is fed into the CDAE and
goes through all the convolutional layers to drive the CDAE output, which
is expected to be the reconstructed EoR signal.  By comparing the CDAE
output with the simulated true EoR signal, the loss L is determined, which
is then propagated backward in the CDAE to update the parameters (i.e.,
weights and biases of all the filters) to reduce the loss L.  As the
training continues, the CDAE, driven by the training data, is learning to
better extract the features of the EoR signal to reconstruct it more
accurately.

In addition, by employing the occlusion method (Zeiler & Fergus 2014), we
have validated that the trained CDAE has actually learned useful features
of the EoR signal to distinguish it from the foreground emission.  This has
been added to the manuscript as the new Section 3.4 ('Further validation of
the CDAE').

>   A further request is related to section 4.2 and the comparison with the
>   "polynomial fitting" method. It would be useful to specify if this is
>   the only alternative method for the kind of data processing presented
>   in the paper and, if not, to mention the others and to justify why they
>   have not been considered in the paper.

Response 6:

Foreground removal methods proposed in the literature can be broadly
classified into the parametric category (e.g., Wang et al. 2006;
Jelic et al. 2008; Liu et al. 2009b; Wang et al. 2013; Bonaldi & Brown 2015)
and the non-parametric category (e.g., Harker et al. 2009; Chapman et al.
2012,2013; Gu et al. 2013; Mertens et al. 2018).  The polynomial fitting
method is the best representative of the parametric methods because it is
widely used (e.g., Jelic et al. 2008; Liu et al. 2009a; Pritchard & Loeb
2010).  In this revised manuscript, we have also chosen the continuous
wavelet transform (CWT) method (Gu et al. 2013) as the representative
non-parametric method for comparison, considering that the CWT method
performs similarly well as other non-parametric methods meanwhile it is
simpler and faster (Gu et al. 2009; Chapman et al. 2015).

Section 4.2 ('Comparing to traditional methods') has been rewritten to
mention more traditional foreground removal methods and to justify the
selection of the polynomial fitting method and the CWT method for comparing
with our method.  The comparisons show that both methods have outstanding
difficulties in uncovering the EoR signal when the smoothness of foreground
spectra is damaged by beam effects.

>   The only additional comment of the reviews regards the use of "EoR" in
>   the abstract. It would be clearer to avoid the acronym, explicitly
>   writing "epoch of reionization".

Response 7:

We now write the full name "epoch of reionization" when the "EoR" acronym
is first used in the abstract.
